Reward Tree v10: Errata and Clarifications (#311)
rocket-pool/RPIPs: assets/rpip-62/rewards-calculation-spec.md

### Calculating Consensus Reward Bonuses

First, define `totalConsensusBonus`, which will serve to store the cumulative total of reward bonuses.
```go
totalConsensusBonus := 0
```
For each smoothing pool eligible minipool (see [Node Eligibility](#node-eligibility)), define the time range within which the reward bonus is to be paid out.
```go
eligibleStartTime := max(startTime, statusTime, optInTime, lastReduceTime)
eligibleEndTime := min(endTime, optOutTime)
```
If the range is empty (`eligibleStartTime >= eligibleEndTime`), award a `minipoolBonus` of `0`. Otherwise, define slot limits for the bonus calculation.
```
rewardStartBcSlot := math.Ceil((eligibleStartTime - genesisTime) / secondsPerSlot)
rewardEndBcSlot := math.Ceil((eligibleEndTime - genesisTime) / secondsPerSlot)
```

> For each slot in the reward interval, get the list of validator withdrawals (e.g. `/eth/v2/beacon/blocks/<slotIndex>`). Note the `address` and `amount` for withdrawals that correspond to an eligible minipool and add them to the minipool's total. Withdrawals that do not occur in `(rewardStartBcSlot, rewardEndBcSlot]` should be ignored. If the slot is ahead of the validator's `withdrawable_epoch` (e.g. `/eth/v1/beacon/states/<targetBcSlot>/validators?id=0x<pubkey>`), credit the full withdrawal amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each slot in the reward interval, get the list of validator withdrawals (e.g. `/eth/v2/beacon/blocks/<slotIndex>`). Note the `address` and `amount` for withdrawals that correspond to an eligible minipool and add them to the minipool's total. Withdrawals that do not occur in `(rewardStartBcSlot, rewardEndBcSlot]` should be ignored. If the slot is before of the first slot of the validator's `withdrawable_epoch` (e.g. `/eth/v1/beacon/states/<targetBcSlot>/validators?id=0x<pubkey>`), credit the full withdrawal amount.
```
